Update 06-conflict.md (#56)
MetOffice/git-working-practices: episodes/06-conflict.md

different changes to each copy. Version control helps us manage these
[conflicts](../learners/reference.md#conflict) by giving us tools to
[resolve](../learners/reference.md#resolve) overlapping changes.
You will encounter conflicts no matter which branching model you choose.

> No model is better than another when it comes to conflicts.

Reviewer: More explict.

> Using forks has no impact on how likely conflicts occur either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using forks has no impact on how likely conflicts are to occur.
```

Reviewer: This wording flows better in my head.
